index.rst, before:

:tocdepth: 1

.. sectnum::

.. Metadata such as the title, authors, and description are set in metadata.yaml

Abstract
========

Guidelines on how to use the name Simonyi Survey Telescope in the different Rubin Observatory products

Usage of the Simonyi Name
=========================

In general we we try not to use abbreviations which loose the name we intend to honor. 
Hence we should avoid *ST*  and prefer Simonyi Telescope as a shorter name for the Simonyi Survey Telescope.

There are specific instances of use which we can consider:

 - Publications, Technotes, Presentations etc: we should use Simonyi Survey Telescope, no abbreviation like SST, no MT, no Main Telescope. If shortening is needed just use Simonyi, or the telescope
 - Slack Channels: #simonyi-nameofthe channel

 - Front-end such as LOVE, RubinTV ... Use Simonyi Telescope or Simonyi
 - Code and github: due to the complexity we will leave "MT" as a prefix. 
   These should be renamed when used in front-end to the extent possible.


There may be other cases not falling neatly in these categories. Always consider using the name Simonyi instead of using an abbreviation.

Commit message:

added some introduction to why we should be using the proper naming

index.rst, after:

:tocdepth: 1

.. sectnum::

.. Metadata such as the title, authors, and description are set in metadata.yaml

Abstract
========
Using the proper naming for our Observatory and Telescope is important, as they both highlight important contribution to both the astronomical science and the construction of the telescope. The following page https://project.lsst.org/documents/name-use-guide summarizing the use of these names (and others) in the context of the publishing and presenting the work done on or with the Vera C. Rubin Observatory. 

This document outlines the guidelines on how to specifically use the name Simonyi Survey Telescope within the different Rubin Observatory products, developed by the project.

Usage of the Simonyi Name
=========================
As mentioned above, it is important to recognize properly the contribution of the Simonyi Family and proper usage of the Simonyi Survey Telescope denomination is one way to do so.
In general, we do avoid the use abbreviations which loose the name we intend to honor. 
Hence, in general, we shall not use *ST*  and prefer Simonyi Telescope as a shorter name for the Simonyi Survey Telescope.

The following lists the specific instances of use which we can consider:

 - Publications, Technotes, Presentations etc: we should use Simonyi Survey Telescope, no abbreviation like SST, no MT, no Main Telescope. If shortening is needed just use Simonyi, or the telescope
 - Slack Channels: #simonyi-"name of the channel"
 - Front-end such as LOVE, RubinTV ... Use Simonyi Telescope or Simonyi
 - Code and github: due to the complexity we will leave "MT" as a prefix. 
   These should be renamed when used in front-end to the extent possible.


There may be other cases not falling neatly in these categories. Always consider using the name Simonyi instead of using an abbreviation.
